README.md, before:

# Mediterranean Dinner Planner (5-day)

A small Next.js web app that:
- Pulls **Mediterranean + Dinner** recipes from Edamam
- Generates **5 dinners (Mon–Fri)** for the week you choose
- Enforces **no recipe repeats for 30 days**
- Limits **beef to at most 1** dinner in the 5-day plan
- Builds an **aggregated shopping list** (scaled by servings) via Edamam Shopping List API

## Tech
- Next.js 16 (App Router)
- Prisma + SQLite (easy local setup)
- Tailwind CSS

## Requirements
- Node.js **20.9+** (per Next.js docs)
- An Edamam app_id + app_key for Recipe Search + Shopping List

## Setup

1) Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

2) Create `.env`

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

Fill in:

- `EDAMAM_APP_ID`
- `EDAMAM_APP_KEY`

3) Create the database

```bash
npx prisma migrate dev --name init
```

4) Run the app

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open http://localhost:3000

## Push to GitHub

```bash
git init
git add -A
git commit -m "Initial commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin <YOUR_GITHUB_REPO_URL>
git push -u origin main
```

## Notes on recipe content + attribution

Edamam’s Recipe Search API returns **web recipes** (third-party). This app links to the recipe source URL for full instructions, and includes the required Edamam attribution badge in the footer.

Commit message:

Add Mediterranean meal planner UI and recipes

README.md, after:

# Mediterranean Meal Planner

A small Next.js web app that:
- Lets you pick how many **breakfasts, lunches, and dinners** you want for the week
- Enforces **no recipe repeats for 30 days** using local storage history
- Limits **beef to at most 1** meal per plan and uses **fresh fish only** (no canned fish or sardines)
- Guarantees at least one **Spanish or Mexican** option for variety
- Builds a combined **shopping list** that merges duplicate ingredients to save on grocery costs

## Tech
- Next.js 16 (App Router)
- Tailwind CSS

## Requirements
- Node.js **20.9+** (per Next.js docs)

## Setup

1) Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

2) Run the app

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open http://localhost:3000

## Push to GitHub

```bash
git init
git add -A
git commit -m "Initial commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin <YOUR_GITHUB_REPO_URL>
git push -u origin main
```

## Notes on recipe content

Recipes are curated for fresh fish (no canned fish or sardines) and authentic Mediterranean flavors. Each card links to the original recipe for full instructions and attribution.
